Set isUrlFilterCaseSensitive to 'false' by default (#26908)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/rulecondition/index.md

- `excludedInitiatorDomains` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An array of `string`. The rule does not match network requests originating from this list of domains. If the list is empty or omitted, no domains are excluded. This takes precedence over `initiatorDomains`. A [canonical domain](#whocanonical_domain) should be used. This matches against the request initiator and not the request URL.
- `isUrlFilterCaseSensitive` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A `boolean`. Whether the [`urlFilter`](#urlfilter) or [`regexFilter`](#regexfilter) (whichever is specified) is case sensitive. Default is true in Chrome, and false in Safari (since [16.4](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269#issuecomment-1423368557)) and Firefox. There is consensus on defaulting to `false` across browsers in [WECG issue 269](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A `boolean`. Whether the [`urlFilter`](#urlfilter) or [`regexFilter`](#regexfilter) (whichever is specified) is case sensitive. While there is consensus on defaulting to `false` across browsers in [WECG issue 269](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269), the value used to be `true` in (older) versions of Chrome and Safari. See [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) for details.
```

Here is a suggested edit that fixes the false/true error and leaves out specific version info. I have also dropped the mention of Firefox since it adheres to the agreed-upon default.

Joe suggested "Defaults vary by browser and version." before, but that is too vague to my taste, since it gives the impression that the defaults are fluctuating.

>   - : A `boolean`. Whether the [`urlFilter`](#urlfilter) or [`regexFilter`](#regexfilter) (whichever is specified) is case sensitive. Default is true in versions of Chrome, and false in Safari (since [16.4](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269#issuecomment-1423368557)) and Firefox. There is consensus on defaulting to `false` across browsers in [WECG issue 269](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A `boolean`. Whether the [`urlFilter`](#urlfilter) or [`regexFilter`](#regexfilter) (whichever is specified) is case sensitive. Default is true in Chrome, and false in Safari (since [16.4](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269#issuecomment-1423368557)) and Firefox. There is consensus on defaulting to `false` across browsers in [WECG issue 269](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/269).
```
